Hello Guys welcome come to the studio.
We're almost done with her blog.
So it's time to work on some as we all so those you guys who are totally new.
So let me tell you about what it is.
SB stands for Search Engine Optimization and what it does it tells the search engines how good our website
is.
OK For example if we have a nice post and we have a great blog a lot of good content to be called Don't
notably get content then it will be good in the eyes of the search engines like Google being disingenuous.
So let me tell you some tips that what you can do for your boss to make them look better.
OK.
And I will also cover a lot of things related as in the upcoming videos.
And in this video and some upcoming weddings are all about as equal.
OK.
So the first thing that you need to be careful about is duplicate content.
OK never copy some someone else's blogs down and pasted on your blog because when you do it hit the
deck.
And it will be analyzed your blog.
OK.
Analyze me and it will completely remove your bra or it will not wreck your blog.
So if you don't know what rank is rank is basically very very good.
It appears in searches there.
OK.
That is the risk.
If you or your attorney is getting in the first page that means your rag is good or get farther you
are searching.
This post does not really help us with this title and your post is on the first page.
That means you're your let's say trag is great.
So make sure you don't have any of the good content or copied content OK on your blog and don't ever
copy someone else's garden.
Always write your own content OK and it's fun.
You have to put some effort and do a lot of hard work.
OK.
That's what it gets.
So now for the blog post.
Don't write only text.
OK.
Add some good images if it is possible.
Some videos in it.
OK.
Because Dad Dad you guys go on when there was only text in the posts and people like that.
No.
What happens now is people add some images and videos in their boss and that boss really go up.
OK.
So a search engine also like this when you have a little bit of a little pause there and very little
content in them.
And Google will not like it make a big board as some pictures and videos and it will be a great game
going viral all over the internet.
If you're really amazing.
OK.
So make sure you put some YOUR some of your effort and time to make a great blog post.
Ok so first thing don't ever get someone's content.
And second thing add some videos on your post.
No I have not should do that.
How you can add you you indeed to be able to do that how you can add YouTube videos to your post get
not directly upload your blog always upload to your book because when you upload your to your blog there
it will also make your server heavy and it will not look good.
OK Alvez upload on YouTube and copied embed code.
Your
blog or your post.
OK.
Always update a video on YouTube or get what you need to do first for the video on this board that we
just created.
So I'm going to edit to edit this and I'm going to add you to you in this post.
OK.
So let me get YouTube you.
I'm going to shoot you.
Watch how we add you to our posts.
You did your DVR and upload your YouTube video.
Sign In get any guy out.
Upload your YouTube video now for that one too.
Now you want to add that video to your blog 17:00.
We don't have right now anybody else I'm going to be just random with you are at a random.
Let's open this just in Bieber's video for you this video OK.
Now all you need to do is click on.
So now all injured mostly gone.
Shear OK.
Days and gone bad this bad.
Ok and now copied.
All good that you are seeing.
Copy a moment or close there's no for them.
You want to go right here OK.
No good.
This is basically the call.
OK.
All of our posts are kept in context.
Now go to the end of the real world where in the end you can add anywhere you want.
OK here here.
Anywhere you want but now I'm going to add at the end we get basic content.
Here is the code that we just copied.
Good with you.
And see here is our video of when we update our post.
We will see the real Dep..
OK.
So no not it
The face thief What do you up yours.
OK.
Here is the video.
So that's how we add YouTube videos to our blog.
Well get the main point that I want to tell you guys is use some videos use some pictures and writer
and go and pick up big blog posts more than or greater than 500 words.
OK.
And make it look pretty amazing.
And do share with your friends.
And one of the other important things.
Add some back links to your blog.
So what are the back things back links are basically then some other websites link to your blog for
them like on Facebook.
OK.
You create a page on your Facebook to create your page on Facebook and write the name of your blog as
ever your as your page name your reps are on your page and share your thoughts.
When you write a post on your blog or cheerleader post on your Facebook.
And same with twitter.
Twitter account link your reps on Twitter and share your thoughts with the Twitter and same with Pinterest
and other social media.
OK.
And ask your friend to share your thoughts.
That's the your of rank in Google and really be good for the s e or.
But if you are having only two or three posts on your blog and move on the search engine to read your
blog that's not going to happen buddy.
What you need to do is feed your pla OK.
Right.
Boston more than 30 or 40 or more than 50.
Then Google reconsider consider your ruptured either drag or NORDO get right and just keep on writing
the content for one or two months.
OK then you will see the results in the search engine.
Don't copy the content rather than images.
If there is no video there is an overlay to the post.
It's not.
It's not imposed on you that you have to a video game.
If possible you can add a new yorker.
It's not important if you are really be good it will be awesome.
People really like it.
Add pictures and make stuff look cool.
OK so you guys for watching this would you.
I hope you got the idea what it is and we will do some awesome stuff in the upcoming videos to improve
our show.
OK.
And you're going to follow all of that.
We're going to beat you because these upcoming leaders are very important for your blog.
Now you guys know how we set up our blog.
Have we got a place settings on our blog.
We can do all these going and are you and how can handle comments and a sidebar footer.
So it's time to work on you.
So thank you you're watching this video I will see you in the next and we go over the river as the search
engine optimization.
OK we'll see you in the next video.